What is OAuth? ~A framework or open-standard authorization protocol that explains how unconnected servers and services can securely permit authorized access to their resources without actually sharing the original, connected, single logon credential
Give an example of what using OAuth would look like. ~Using authorisation to sign into a third-party app with Yahoo or Google is one example.
How does OAuth work? What are the steps that it takes to authenticate the user? ~OAuth enables a user (resource owner) to authorize restricted access to a client application from a third party without disclosing their login credentials.
What is OpenID? ~a decentralized, open-standard authentication technique that enables users to sign in to numerous websites and programs using the same set of credentials.

What is the difference between authorization and authentication? ~An authenticated user's permissions to utilize a certain resource or carry out a particular operation are checked as part of the authorization process. Verifying a user, system, or entity's identity is the process of authentication.
What is Authorization Code Flow? ~a procedure for authenticating users that offers a safe way to receive an access token, which is subsequently utilized to access restricted resources on the user's behalf.
What is Authorization Code Flow with Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)? ~It offers an additional layer of security to thwart some assaults as an enhanced security version of the basic ACF.
What is Implicit Flow with Form Post? ~a method of obtaining access tokens for client-side apps.
What is Client Credentials Flow? ~An authorization flow in which a client requests access tokens from an authorization server without involving a user and is mostly used for server-to-server communication.
What is Device Authorization Flow? ~An authorisation process created to give devices with constrained input capabilities a way to get access tokens.
What is Resource Owner Password Flow? ~an authorization that asks users to submit their credentials, frequently through an interactive form.
